it's fantastic who can get more food
from the forest than from us
she hasn't visited the pine tree for
several days but that means our chance
of getting the radio collar on her could
be slipping away
time for treats a few of her favorite
things grape the formula milk and some
mealworms but then she gets bigger she's
gonna move out of here and it's gonna be
impossible to keep track of it that's
why it's so important that we get the
collar on her and so important that she
gets used to this physical contact
I set under Hulk's favorite tree and
wait
[Music]
I do not believe it
hey hope it how on earth have you
managed to make it hey hey reduce um
this delicious milk try some of this
it's got all of your favorite things has
got egg yolk it's got fish oil come on
you can move forward you have to move
forward you can come up on my shoulder
[Music]
you know I just think this little animal
is one of the most incredible little
characters I've ever known against all
of the odds she's made it she should
still be with her mum for another whole
year we have to get used to touch so we
can put this collar on a track offer
find it exactly what life for a bear
like this will be like in the future
don't get worried just the neck it's
just the neck
I think if she's made of this far maybe
too soon to speak but I think I think
you're gonna be okay hope there are
times in your life when you know you're
doing things that you'll remember for a
long long long time and this is one of
them
you just silently walks away don't worry
go everything's gonna be all right